---
layout: post
title: Bio and Goals
---

I joined the Bloc program to become a full-stack developer. I have been fascinated with computers for as long as I can remember, starting with Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and my first Dell desktop at the age of 13. The joy of gaming has been with me ever since I can remember, and it was the conduit that led to my broad love for technology. As computers advanced, I loved findings new ways to use technology to make my life easier and more efficient. These passions combined as I began building basic websites and forums for online gaming communities, and those projects showed me the power of programming.

Despite my love for these technologies, I decided to attend college with the intent of becoming a lawyer. All too late it became clear that the legal profession didn’t truly interest me, and although it took me a few years, I have since returned to my true passion and subsequently made the leap to join Bloc.

It has long been a pastime for me and my friends to brainstorm ideas/apps of all kinds, but we have never had the requisite training and skills to bring these things to life. My goal in this program is to be able to take an idea (like the ones we have dreamed up) from concept to market. Learning the front-end and back-end of everyday websites and apps, and eventually creating my own, is the ultimate goal.

Technology continues to evolve and continues to fascinate me, and I am not content to watch from the sidelines. I plan to immerse myself in that world, and impact it in my own unique way. My hope is that this program jumpstarts a career as a full-stack developer so that I can begin to give back to the community that has given me so much joy.
